| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>I plunged for the last time. The few remaining figures and letters swam as they came up to me. Then I took them in. There were no more. I glanced about me. I felt I was getting my money’s worth. London is like that ; it accepts the wanderer home with a sort of warm indifference. The woman’s beauty was, I surmised, profound ; her creamy dress, contrasting with her vivid colouring, showed to me, though more as white against a gay brick sepulchre than snow against roses. Yes it was a dreadful beauty, as far as I could see, and I recalled the stark phrases : Which swept an hundred thousand souls away ; yet I alive. But he was not ; the writer had strangely died to-day. And again they continued this wretched course three or four days : but they were every one of them carried into the great pit before it was quite filled up. Where was Henry? Ah, he was standing by her, close enough to touch the small buoyant face that topped her pillared neck most like a bell-flower on its bed. Would he appreciate?
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
["letter", "postman", "deliver", "write", " pen ", "account"]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "The few remaining figures and letters swam as they came up to me." (pg. 2)
* "But he was not ; the writer had strangely died to-day." (pg. 2)
* "But it was parading a couple of letters for all to see." (pg. 5)
* "And my namesake wrote a letter, in which he said that Sarah’s left eye was injured, and there appeared a black spot on her breast." (pg. 15)
* "He started reading a letter from a woman, dead the same day." (pg. 33)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I lit a Nestor and considered her letter once more." (pg. 54)
* "It pleasured me, however, I must confess, to think that I was in a position, though the opportunity was unlikely, to entertain divine Xenocrate with an account of it all." (pg. 59)
* "I have always hated that these writers should be anonymous." (pg. 63)
* "He must first torture his postman, the bait, and make him carry the letters of Bellerophon." (pg. 64)
* "She has let me see the original of the dead man’s letter." (pg. 87)
* "Afterwards I found it better in practice to capitalise my third letter." (pg. 91)