| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>Then came Hyacinth’s day. He laughed when he remembered that, as we were walking round the garden, and said it was too late for Jasmine’s day at any rate. I liked to hear him laugh, and thought it was absurd for him to be called after what the man Boots didn’t understand. The latter’s way of expressing himself seemed to me childish ; why should we, of all people, use singular for plural and plural for singular? They went back two days and formulated their bet, till I could have howled. If he got the third point, she’d owe him a box of a hundred Egyptian cigarettes---Gourdoulis, and if she won, he’d give her three pairs of Etam dawn mist, ten inches. They looked so bright about it all. She drooped long seed pearl things right over the soup. Ear-drops, as my mother had called them, I never could abide ; probably because I belonged to the other side of the family. My mistress wore them ; was it for that that I had begun to tire of her already?
# Connected Pages
# Clues
Dog Narrator
* "walking round the garden"
* "till I could have howled"
* "I belonged to the other side of the family"

"He" in this scene "called after what the man boots didn't understand"

A bet is made between a man and women 
* involves cigarettes and stockings? ("three pairs of Etam dawn mist, ten inches")

Woman is wearing dangly earrings
* "She drooped long seed pearl things right over the soup. Ear-drops, as my mother had called them,..."
# Cross-References

["smoke", "cigarette", "tobacco", "pipe", "cigar"]
* "If he got the third point, she’d owe him a box of a hundred Egyptian cigarettes---Gourdoulis, and if she won, he’d give her three pairs of Etam dawn mist, ten inches." (pg. 10)
* "It is a very ungentlemanly thing to read a private cigarette case." (pg. 12)
* "He anchored himself heavily, consciously waving an empty pipe." (pg. 13)
* "She lit a cigarette and poured down cocktail after cocktail ; sometimes she made little dabbings with a butterfly of white lace to her mouth." (pg. 42)
* "I have only known her a few minutes ; but I hate to think she would change---her voice hits a pocket, just like a plane, when she talks of him---an honest station between King’s Cross and Edinburgh for---what is it?---being’s drone pipe, whose nostril turns to blight the strivelled stars and thicks the lusty breathing of the sun." (pg. 43)
* "Each beat, I saw, puffed out of my breast like purple smoke from an exhaust." (pg. 51)
* "I had groped for my first cigarette of the day, eyes hardly open, a few miles on." (pg. 55)
* "You would have noticed my oriental preference when I smoke, and would not have been surprised that my Indian tobacco, after a scant four-and-twenty hours, was doing excellent work." (pg. 75)

#### ["family"]
* "I meant, did one know the family?" (pg. 5)
* "Ear-drops, as my mother had called them, I never could abide ; probably because I belonged to the other side of the family." (pg. 10)
* "Yes, but supposing she came of the family of Jack’s visitor, with Thornhill, who promised the opera?" (pg. 40)
* "I had always been rather a stickler for purity in family life." (pg. 46)
* "Also he was doomed to destroy, for family reasons, and to keep on destroying." (pg. 49)
* "To be born, or at any rate bred, in a handbag, whether it had handles or not, seems to me to display a contempt for the ordinary decencies of family life that reminds one of the worst excesses of the French Revolution." (pg. 50)
* "Henry, though a bit on the spectacular side---to fly the viscera of his third, of the old family lawyer, at his small flagstaff, a little argued the exhibitionist---was sane enough." (pg. 58)
* "I had always been proud of my namesake, the Great Lexicographer, as we, not unnaturally, called him in the family." (pg. 61)
* "Also she wore her hair in a cluster of little sly curls, a thing which in our family emphatically was not done." (pg. 79)
