| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |    50     |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>I rubbed my eyes and massaged my temples with pronated finger-tips. Then I fumbled two aspirin tablets into my mouth : Noel Coward’s King Charles’s Head. I had a very bad head. My vis-à-vis hadn’t a bad head, now I came to consider it, bowed over the documents. It is a very ungentlemanly thing to read a private cigarette case. I became a trifle abstracted. What, I wondered, would he have said about an abstracted will? He might answer to the same name as the man who sang : “Ah, are you digging on my grave?” But a softer fellow I had rarely seen. On velvet, yes, on velvet I would have trusted him ; but not on cinders, by no means on cinders. Yet the keen eyes bent like small topaz searchlights over the writing. I would get, I felt, what I wanted from this man. But then I suddenly remembered the words of the poet :

        The golden one is gone from the banquets,
        She, beloved of Atimetus,
# Connected Pages
poem finished on 50 - Epigram by H.D

# Clues
# Cross-References
["smoke", "cigarette", "tobacco", "pipe", "cigar"]
* "If he got the third point, she’d owe him a box of a hundred Egyptian cigarettes---Gourdoulis, and if she won, he’d give her three pairs of Etam dawn mist, ten inches." (pg. 10)
* "It is a very ungentlemanly thing to read a private cigarette case." (pg. 12)
* "He anchored himself heavily, consciously waving an empty pipe." (pg. 13)
* "She lit a cigarette and poured down cocktail after cocktail ; sometimes she made little dabbings with a butterfly of white lace to her mouth." (pg. 42)
* "I have only known her a few minutes ; but I hate to think she would change---her voice hits a pocket, just like a plane, when she talks of him---an honest station between King’s Cross and Edinburgh for---what is it?---being’s drone pipe, whose nostril turns to blight the strivelled stars and thicks the lusty breathing of the sun." (pg. 43)
* "Each beat, I saw, puffed out of my breast like purple smoke from an exhaust." (pg. 51)
* "I had groped for my first cigarette of the day, eyes hardly open, a few miles on." (pg. 55)
* "You would have noticed my oriental preference when I smoke, and would not have been surprised that my Indian tobacco, after a scant four-and-twenty hours, was doing excellent work." (pg. 75)
