| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:-------------:|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|      49       |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
        Rintrah, where has thou hid thy bride?
        Weeps she in desert shades?
        Alas! my Rintrah, bring the lovely jealous
           Ocalythron.

> Then against a possible invasion of my privacy, I touched my white cheeks until they blushed. My luck was not in. He was a typically farm-labourer, with what thy’d call in Bloomsbury a Newdigate fringe. Just like that sort of a poet, I supposed they’d mean. He anchored himself heavily, consciously waving an empty pipe. Henry was now stooping over the other body, whistling between its teeth. What would I have done, I wondered? Really this sort of thing was native to me in a way. I wished there were water without going for it. I remembered, of course, that there was a conduit dating from 1597 standing here in the market place. But that was of little use to me. On the whole, I thought I would have as much nerve as my dear hero. But one never knew.
# Connected Pages
Poem starts page 49; William Blake
* Palamabron=represents pity

# Clues

# Cross-References
["smoke", "cigarette", "tobacco", "pipe", "cigar"]
* "If he got the third point, she’d owe him a box of a hundred Egyptian cigarettes---Gourdoulis, and if she won, he’d give her three pairs of Etam dawn mist, ten inches." (pg. 10)
* "It is a very ungentlemanly thing to read a private cigarette case." (pg. 12)
* "He anchored himself heavily, consciously waving an empty pipe." (pg. 13)
* "She lit a cigarette and poured down cocktail after cocktail ; sometimes she made little dabbings with a butterfly of white lace to her mouth." (pg. 42)
* "I have only known her a few minutes ; but I hate to think she would change---her voice hits a pocket, just like a plane, when she talks of him---an honest station between King’s Cross and Edinburgh for---what is it?---being’s drone pipe, whose nostril turns to blight the strivelled stars and thicks the lusty breathing of the sun." (pg. 43)
* "Each beat, I saw, puffed out of my breast like purple smoke from an exhaust." (pg. 51)
* "I had groped for my first cigarette of the day, eyes hardly open, a few miles on." (pg. 55)
* "You would have noticed my oriental preference when I smoke, and would not have been surprised that my Indian tobacco, after a scant four-and-twenty hours, was doing excellent work." (pg. 75)