| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>One’s eyebrows were one’s own, I always thought. Though I did remember a case---Aunt Mary’s, to be precise---when it was not so. She had met him after the explosion, of course ; and when it became a question of dinner and the Highgate Empire, actually with performing quaggas, she put herself in the hands of the man who made up for, if anything could make up for, the Russian ballet. And they dropped, naturally, like two fuzzy caterpillars into the clear soup at supper. The old days. The Highgate Empire, where Wilkie Bard, as Lauder did not say, sang o’ his love and fondly sae did I o’ mine. At last the two little horrors ceased in their shrill claim and counter-claim for sweaty quasi-transparencies of colour, and goggled at me while I put black to mine. Bill always called them two dark flapper moons. Should I make an effort and go back to Henry? He was ready to love. That at least was obvious.
# Connected Pages

# Clues
"One’s eyebrows were one’s own, I always thought. Though I did remember a case---Aunt Mary’s, to be precise---when it was not so." 

The Highgate Empire - London Cinema (https://cinematreasures.org/theaters/14987)

performing quaggas = African Zebras
* “Here is the Veld” by Attilio Gatti. In this book is a story of the last of the quaggas. Although the last authenticated quagga died in approximately 1883, there is an anecdotal account of a lone quagga surviving into the 1930s, related in Attilio Gatti’s lively account of adventures in Africa entitled “Here is the Veld”.

Beauty References
* 20s fashion to shave eyebrows and draw them on
* flapper moon may reference a manicure style

# Cross-References
