| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>I had seen, day after day, every sunlit or night obscured detail of the funny old house I had visited so many years ago. Through it, handsome, cadaverous and so quiet, had walked Death himself, tapping unnoticed at the very walls of the mansions of life ; trying here, failing there, lightly fingering for the sign of a breach. A tiny opening. Apparently the person who slept in the lock-up at that county town on the Severn, or perhaps woke, would hear this time. I had found that I could face my usual mixture of Peaberry Mysore and Blue Mountain. I had made certain havoc of two on toast, their silver skins laced with their golden blood. To think of the tiny Clem mixed up, nay, a prime mover, in such affairs. Useful, courteous little chip of a bat. He had hushed my brat for me when he was only six, one morning on which I had wanted to go out for a walk. 
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["breakfast", "toast", "marmalade", "crumbs", "smear"]
* "I had made certain havoc of two on toast, their silver skins laced with their golden blood." (pg. 27)
* "A confirmed botulist, I first arranged with Flora that there should be seven of the long stout shapes rosily bursting from the exquisite, taut but not too elastic brown at breakfast." (pg. 29)
* "Green blood, as I considered before breakfast, I delighted to conserve." (pg. 54)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I hoped for breakfast soon, nor was I to be disappointed." (pg. 56)
* "Henry, before our tea of anchovy toast and various hot dishes (I was never a stinter) riotously displayed himself all over me." (pg. 71)
