| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>It had always been my habit to rise with the lark, if there was one going up at about nine. A confirmed botulist, I first arranged with Flora that there should be seven of the long stout shapes rosily bursting from the exquisite, taut but not too elastic brown at breakfast. I trusted they would not taste of Flora and the country-green. Then with whetted appetite, and after an unsatisfactory visit to the spareroom, I went for a quick stroll among my flowers. If the West African ordeal beans had proved a disappointment, at least the broad ones were giving satisfaction. On that day---and indeed I was well inspired---I discarded my useless physostigma. I led the old mineralogist up the garden, if I may be permitted the expression, and introduced him to my lobelia and to my pretty lords and ladies. I wanted to see how the combination would suit him. I felt I ought to be drawing towards a close ; but one never knew.
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["breakfast", "toast", "marmalade", "crumbs", "smear"]
* "I had made certain havoc of two on toast, their silver skins laced with their golden blood." (pg. 27)
* "A confirmed botulist, I first arranged with Flora that there should be seven of the long stout shapes rosily bursting from the exquisite, taut but not too elastic brown at breakfast." (pg. 29)
* "Green blood, as I considered before breakfast, I delighted to conserve." (pg. 54)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I hoped for breakfast soon, nor was I to be disappointed." (pg. 56)
* "Henry, before our tea of anchovy toast and various hot dishes (I was never a stinter) riotously displayed himself all over me." (pg. 71)