| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>The others did not seem similarly impressed. Phrases of this and that came to half my ear, duet by rill and corncrake. Rill vaunted the pleasure of speeding, and corncrake gave warnings like an over-driven oak about to fall. I remembered how I had listened for the same sound on that awful night in Paris, when I did not know what I know now. And again, in this very place for another reason, Henry would remember. To lose even two like these two, swallowed by the night, was apt to break a balance in one, to suggest that it was time to square accounts. Caseus, ah! And nothing lean or hungry here at all. A friend in the nick of time. I would have no more. My hand dropped to my hip pocket. I had to reckon with Henry. Yet could I? This nomenclature business had often bothered me. Sometimes I felt sudden enough, as if my head would burst  sometimes but triturative. Was I a bomb, or only slow and godly and exceeding small? 
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["Paris", "France", "French"]
* "I remembered how I had listened for the same sound on that awful night in Paris, when I did not know what I know now." (pg. 31)
* "It was when that half Pole, half Frenchman, and usually up the first half, that self-styled drunken mongrel and lazy waster, got normally out of bed." (pg. 45)
* "To be born, or at any rate bred, in a handbag, whether it had handles or not, seems to me to display a contempt for the ordinary decencies of family life that reminds one of the worst excesses of the French Revolution." (pg. 50)
* "Dear old Pasquier, I had come across him in Paris, at that little place in the Rue de la Harpe, a street in which, I have been told, there was a touch of orderly room even in the disorderly houses." (pg. 72)
* "She was all for Dark French Grey and he for Egg Shell Green." (pg. 88)
* "What a day, I thought, for the despatch of Paris and Leonidas." (pg. 97)
* "But Paris?" (pg. 97)
