| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>He was picking round among all she had left behind and found a box with his name on it. Also it said, for he read it, I always pay my debts. Unwrapped, it seemed to be a hundred box of Gourdoulis. I had never seen him so moved. He started reading a letter from a woman, dead the same day. I had yours but yesterday, it sai, though dated the third of February, in which you suppose me to be dead and buried. I have already let you know I am still alive, he went on, but to say truth, I look upon my present circumstances to be exactly the same with those of departed spirits. I don’t think he ever said any more. Happily I was behind the armchair. He just opened the box. I had never seen him so moved. There were little bits of stuff like black pineapple on the carpet. I knew he could never be his old collected self again, and that my gray hairs would go down in sorrow to the grave. 
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
["letter", "postman", "deliver", "write", " pen ", "account"]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "The few remaining figures and letters swam as they came up to me." (pg. 2)
* "But he was not ; the writer had strangely died to-day." (pg. 2)
* "But it was parading a couple of letters for all to see." (pg. 5)
* "And my namesake wrote a letter, in which he said that Sarah’s left eye was injured, and there appeared a black spot on her breast." (pg. 15)
* "He started reading a letter from a woman, dead the same day." (pg. 33)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I lit a Nestor and considered her letter once more." (pg. 54)
* "It pleasured me, however, I must confess, to think that I was in a position, though the opportunity was unlikely, to entertain divine Xenocrate with an account of it all." (pg. 59)
* "I have always hated that these writers should be anonymous." (pg. 63)
* "He must first torture his postman, the bait, and make him carry the letters of Bellerophon." (pg. 64)
* "She has let me see the original of the dead man’s letter." (pg. 87)
* "Afterwards I found it better in practice to capitalise my third letter." (pg. 91)