| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>What chemistry! That the winds are really not infectious. Now that I was approaching journey’s end, I began to ask myself disconcerting questions. It would be terrible if she turned out to be Flecker’s one. And some to Flecker turn to pray, and I toward thy bed. But I had probably got it wrong. Yet it was all right. Her spelling was different and it was long ago. Yes, but supposing she came of the family of Jack’s visitor, with Thornhill, who promised the opera? I could never be sure of that. I took a pill. But it was worth it. Yes, it was worth it. The bean bursts noiselessly through the mould in the garden. He certainly could put that sort of thing over, the dear old bean. Out of its little hill faithfully rise the potato’s dark green leaves. Thames Ditton’s sister, as Eric Parker calls her---and one remembered the Irishman’s malapropism in the same tale---had soon passed. Long she was ; but I did not linger to pay court to her. 
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["family"]
* "I meant, did one know the family?" (pg. 5)
* "Ear-drops, as my mother had called them, I never could abide ; probably because I belonged to the other side of the family." (pg. 10)
* "Yes, but supposing she came of the family of Jack’s visitor, with Thornhill, who promised the opera?" (pg. 40)
* "I had always been rather a stickler for purity in family life." (pg. 46)
* "Also he was doomed to destroy, for family reasons, and to keep on destroying." (pg. 49)
* "To be born, or at any rate bred, in a handbag, whether it had handles or not, seems to me to display a contempt for the ordinary decencies of family life that reminds one of the worst excesses of the French Revolution." (pg. 50)
* "Henry, though a bit on the spectacular side---to fly the viscera of his third, of the old family lawyer, at his small flagstaff, a little argued the exhibitionist---was sane enough." (pg. 58)
* "I had always been proud of my namesake, the Great Lexicographer, as we, not unnaturally, called him in the family." (pg. 61)
* "Also she wore her hair in a cluster of little sly curls, a thing which in our family emphatically was not done." (pg. 79)
