| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |    93     |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>And then with horrid clearness I had seen a woman---not actually, if I could trust myself, there ; but aiming, directing, inspiring : slim, tawny, petulant, self-willed : wanton, but too calculated to be more than mistress of herself ; the kind that had made England terribly at sea. I looked back on my own youth ; I had been about a bit, as they say ; sometimes, to catch a whale, I had cast a sprat over the windmill. But it was not till my marriage with Henry that old Charles Goodfellow dared to hint that I was going gay. Poor lonely little Bat. But it was still the first dog, I couldn’t help realising that, after my husband’s training. Just as I could not help realising that, had I a mind to go there, I could now get moled and isled on the Selfridget side, though by no means in Bond Street. When I said means, I meant of course lawful ones. Then I remembered Henry’s favourite quotation :

        But M’Cullough ‘e wanted cabins with marble
                and maple and all
        And Brussels an’ Utrecht velvet, and bath and a 
                Social Hall

# Connected Pages
Poem (finished pg 93) The Mary Gloster by Rudyard Kipling 
* The old shipping tycoon, Sir Anthony Gloster, is dying after a life of great success. Mary was his wife who helped him start the business and who died young. The Mary Gloster is a ship named for her. As he dies, Sir Anthony talks to his ne'er-do-well son about his life.

# Clues

Spoonerism: "to catch a whale, I had cast a sprat over the windmill" => "a sprat to catch a mackerel"
* If you describe something you do as "a sprat to catch a mackerel", you mean that it involves a small cost or amount of effort but it will bring you great rewards or benefits.

"not til my marriage with Henry" - Narrator is Female, one of Henry's wifes

"old Charles Goodfellow" - Edgar Allen Poe character

# Cross-References
