| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:-------------:|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|      92       |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>        Just broken to twine round they harp-strings, as if
                no wild beat
        Were now raging to torture the desert! Then I,
                as was meet…

I assure you I had not seen her enter but suddenly I was electrically aware that she was sitting near me. What could come next? I had let Henry guide me. She was very tall ; sometimes, I think, tallness is an excellent thing in women. Julienne? Yes, she looked as if her name would be of the sort. And I surmised dark eyes under golden lashes. I hardly liked to disturb the surface for the first time. Her voice purred in my quick ears ; I thought of a jaguar on a lean bough, and envied Henry. The surface was clear brown, and I discerned white figures within ; stars, and a little heart, mirabile dictu, were moving inside. She lit a cigarette and poured down cocktail after cocktail ; sometimes she made little dabbings with a butterfly of white lace to her mouth. 
# Connected Pages
poem starts on page 92 - Saul by Robert Browning
* Robert Browning's "Saul" is a poem that speaks to religious extremes in the way of "Bishop Brougham's Apology" and "The Bishop Orders his Tomb at St. Praxed's", (especially the former) in which something goes terribly wrong within the relationship between humility and vanity.

# Clues
# Cross-References
["smoke", "cigarette", "tobacco", "pipe", "cigar"]
* "If he got the third point, she’d owe him a box of a hundred Egyptian cigarettes---Gourdoulis, and if she won, he’d give her three pairs of Etam dawn mist, ten inches." (pg. 10)
* "It is a very ungentlemanly thing to read a private cigarette case." (pg. 12)
* "He anchored himself heavily, consciously waving an empty pipe." (pg. 13)
* "She lit a cigarette and poured down cocktail after cocktail ; sometimes she made little dabbings with a butterfly of white lace to her mouth." (pg. 42)
* "I had groped for my first cigarette of the day, eyes hardly open, a few miles on." (pg. 55)
* "You would have noticed my oriental preference when I smoke, and would not have been surprised that my Indian tobacco, after a scant four-and-twenty hours, was doing excellent work." (pg. 75)

#### [" table ", " sitting ", " seat ", " sit ", " sat "]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "How we had laughed that day in the hay field when John sat on the buttered rolls, and we devised games out of straws, and we thought the cricket a war-horse, barded and chaufroned too, real fairy, with wings all right." (pg. 14)
* "Yes, if sitting at the familiar table with Bart chewing at my moccasins, I could have broadcast it all, I would have left the mighty heart of England to deal with it." (pg. 15)
* "I looked across the table to the great brimming bowl of yellow jasmine ; young Alexander had sent him up the night before with an invitation to a private view of the Paulo Post Avorticists." (pg. 37)
* "It was terrible to sit there with only the table in front of me, and to know that murder had been committed." (pg. 37)
* "Video meliora proboque ; but I could not, for all my covert glances, see the modelling of the fossettes of the elbows of the woman sitting so near me." (pg. 38)
* "I assure you I had not seen her enter but suddenly I was electrically aware that she was sitting near me." (pg. 42)
* "We were sitting in the verandah in the dead, hot, close air, gasping and praying that the black-blue clouds would let down and bring the cool." (pg. 47)
* "And the wonderful hands at the opposite side of the table were at work with a caseful of strange pens." (pg. 50)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I sat on the grass, and counted a distinct ninety between each beat of my heart." (pg. 51)
* "I explained my object, and told him to sit down and make himself comfortable with the papers." (pg. 52)
* "For a long time I sat and mused, looking into vacancy across the table." (pg. 56)
* "Could it be thought morbid of me, I wondered, to sentimentalise a little as I sat and faced the old school colours frozen there before me?" (pg. 66)
* "Of course I was sorry to say good-bye to old Medehamstede ; but it was pleasant to sit down and to really find myself alone at last." (pg. 72)
* "I forgot why I was sitting and staring at the table." (pg. 82)
* "I looked across the table and saw that she was asleep." (pg. 85)
* "The ancient had then sat down among the heather to a great dish of brown and swimming collops." (pg. 89)
* "While my mind had been thus far away, a grotesque looking old gentleman had fluttered like a bat to the seat between us, and now deposited, with the bitter sang-froid of the unworldly, a dilapidated deer-stalker of pinkish tweed upon the glacial parquet." (pg. 90)
