| Previous Page  | Next Page |      Narrator      | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------:|:---------:|:------------------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|                |           |  Alexander / Ecky  |        |      |          |

# Passage
>This is good. She accepts Lover’s Delight from me. She has spoken very little ; but she urges me to make trial of a Banana Split. Is there some esoteric meaning behind the titles? Now Ecky passes over to the Dawn. Alexander’s my name. They ca’d me Ecky when I was a boy. Eh, Ecky! Ye’re a awfu’ old man. Emotional stuff. Anyway Ecky has disappeared in the Dawn. I almost wish I took it. The hard stuff, I mean ; but it would ruin my hand. Where would my income be if Aquarius were to turn Gemini? She tells me a lot, each word huskily lisping over that round petulant vermilion lower lip, of a doctor friend of hers. I have only known her a few minutes ; but I hate to think she would change---her voice hits a pocket, just like a plane, when she talks of him---an honest station between King’s Cross and Edinburgh for---what is it?---being’s drone pipe, whose nostril turns to blight the strivelled stars and thicks the lusty breathing of the sun.

# Connected Pages

# Clues
Narrator = Alexander / Ecky: 
* Alexander’s my name. They ca’d me Ecky when I was a boy. Eh, Ecky!


# Cross-References
[Dawn, Moon, Lunar]
* "I am conveniently situated, with the Moon on the one hand and the Dawn on the other." (pg. 17)
* "He’s visiting the Moon for the first time to-day and just the first." (pg. 17)
* "Now Ecky passes over to the Dawn." (pg. 43)
* "Anyway Ecky has disappeared in the Dawn." (pg. 43)
* "Sanders comes into view again, seemingly improved by his lunar visit." (pg. 87)

["Lover's Delight", "Lover", "Sundae"]
* "She accepts Lover’s Delight from me." (pg. 43)
* "I ordered Charles to spare no expense in confecting that Sundae known as Lover’s Delight for my companion." (pg. 60)
* "She never, she adds, will have a second Sundae in Lent." (pg. 63)

#### ["Aquarius", "Gemini", "twin"]
* "Call me nervous, call me fey, if you will ; at least this little pen, this mottled black and silver Aquarius, with its nib specially tempered to my order in Amsterdam, is greedy." (pg. 1)
* "Where would my income be if Aquarius were to turn Gemini?" (pg. 43)
* "The uncurling flow is to right and left, as if a river, reflecting a thunder sunset, had split in terror into twin cataracts." (pg. 47)
* "But wasn’t I thrusting my head, when bent on such a business in this street, into the twin mouths of two lions, of Mycroft’s brother and of the pale but multitudinous Blake?" (pg. 85)

#### ["old man"]
* "It has not had much work since it flew so nimbly for the dead old man." (pg. 1)
* "Ye’re a awfu’ old man." (pg. 43)
* "And I had also seen the doctor leading the old man up the garden, not once or twice, but many times." (pg. 45)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "Poor old man ; but everyone must bump up against his Waterloo, and to-day was the day of the meeting at La Belle Alliance." (pg. 54)
* "Surely this has eavesdropped at my last crucial meeting with the old man." (pg. 68)
* "I had seen a poor old man done slowly to death before my eyes." (pg. 69)
* "“There is no danger of that,” the old man said, “I bought them secretly in Leningrad from a little humpbacked fellow, a double-faced Quasimodo of the Ogpu.” This was difficult enough to reconcile with his Manchester speech on sane mediocrity." (pg. 74)
* "Here the old man dropped some metallic object and his companion retrieved it with daughterly swiftness." (pg. 83)