| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |    14     |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>I always feel a bit dazed on these occasions, and was so then. But it was pleasant to collect oneself, and count one’s burdens---above and beneath, and to one’s hand as it were. I did so. Yet I felt dazed. As I have said, I always did. I was developing a bit of a yen for Henry, though this was my first introduction to him. I am a simple soul, and I must confess that I was rather thrilled. It seemed that here was a man of no ordinary fascination, with a chin cleft like the toe-cap of a satyr’s boot, and a little group of show hairs behind each ear. Also he was doomed to destroy, for family reasons, and to keep on destroying. And I was still alone ; I could hardly expect otherwise in the circumstances. I echoed the words of the poet :

        Bring Palamabron, horned priest, skipping upon
                the mountains,
        And silent Elynittria, the silver-bowed queen, 
# Connected Pages
Poem finishes on page 14; William Blake
* Palamabron=represents pity
* 
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["family"]
* "I meant, did one know the family?" (pg. 5)
* "Ear-drops, as my mother had called them, I never could abide ; probably because I belonged to the other side of the family." (pg. 10)
* "Yes, but supposing she came of the family of Jack’s visitor, with Thornhill, who promised the opera?" (pg. 40)
* "I had always been rather a stickler for purity in family life." (pg. 46)
* "Also he was doomed to destroy, for family reasons, and to keep on destroying." (pg. 49)
* "To be born, or at any rate bred, in a handbag, whether it had handles or not, seems to me to display a contempt for the ordinary decencies of family life that reminds one of the worst excesses of the French Revolution." (pg. 50)
* "Henry, though a bit on the spectacular side---to fly the viscera of his third, of the old family lawyer, at his small flagstaff, a little argued the exhibitionist---was sane enough." (pg. 58)
* "I had always been proud of my namesake, the Great Lexicographer, as we, not unnaturally, called him in the family." (pg. 61)
* "Also she wore her hair in a cluster of little sly curls, a thing which in our family emphatically was not done." (pg. 79)
