| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>The cardinal was acquitted to-day of all complicity in the affair of the Queen’s diamond necklace. How quickly the quicksands of crime got hold of the mind’s feet. At that moment it seemed incredible that I had ever been an innocent child, gambolling among the daisies, and thinking, if I thought of it at all, that the grave would be as little as my bed. The door opened and shut. From what I already knew of the man who entered, I should have supposed cleaner limbs and an air more sinister. I explained my object, and told him to sit down and make himself comfortable with the papers. Coffee and sandwiches of Westphalian ham pleased him too obviously. Why cucumber sandwiches? Why such reckless extravagance in one so young? Yes, I felt, at my first sight of him, that the words before my eyes would form some sort of commentary, ironic perhaps, page after page, till the end of my interview, and even after.
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### [" table ", " sitting ", " seat ", " sit ", " sat "]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "How we had laughed that day in the hay field when John sat on the buttered rolls, and we devised games out of straws, and we thought the cricket a war-horse, barded and chaufroned too, real fairy, with wings all right." (pg. 14)
* "Yes, if sitting at the familiar table with Bart chewing at my moccasins, I could have broadcast it all, I would have left the mighty heart of England to deal with it." (pg. 15)
* "I looked across the table to the great brimming bowl of yellow jasmine ; young Alexander had sent him up the night before with an invitation to a private view of the Paulo Post Avorticists." (pg. 37)
* "It was terrible to sit there with only the table in front of me, and to know that murder had been committed." (pg. 37)
* "Video meliora proboque ; but I could not, for all my covert glances, see the modelling of the fossettes of the elbows of the woman sitting so near me." (pg. 38)
* "I assure you I had not seen her enter but suddenly I was electrically aware that she was sitting near me." (pg. 42)
* "We were sitting in the verandah in the dead, hot, close air, gasping and praying that the black-blue clouds would let down and bring the cool." (pg. 47)
* "And the wonderful hands at the opposite side of the table were at work with a caseful of strange pens." (pg. 50)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I sat on the grass, and counted a distinct ninety between each beat of my heart." (pg. 51)
* "I explained my object, and told him to sit down and make himself comfortable with the papers." (pg. 52)
* "For a long time I sat and mused, looking into vacancy across the table." (pg. 56)
* "Could it be thought morbid of me, I wondered, to sentimentalise a little as I sat and faced the old school colours frozen there before me?" (pg. 66)
* "Of course I was sorry to say good-bye to old Medehamstede ; but it was pleasant to sit down and to really find myself alone at last." (pg. 72)
* "I forgot why I was sitting and staring at the table." (pg. 82)
* "I looked across the table and saw that she was asleep." (pg. 85)
* "The ancient had then sat down among the heather to a great dish of brown and swimming collops." (pg. 89)
* "While my mind had been thus far away, a grotesque looking old gentleman had fluttered like a bat to the seat between us, and now deposited, with the bitter sang-froid of the unworldly, a dilapidated deer-stalker of pinkish tweed upon the glacial parquet." (pg. 90)
