| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>It was just when the girl from the Asolo silk mills contended that morning was. There was something, I reflected, about the fashion, beastly, in the awful and literal sense of the word, as of equals, in which youth treated the young day. Heaven knew I would have been in bed, had not my head been surcharged with too perilous a stuff for sleep. I spent those six hours in an agony of recapitulation. Even as a tiny toddler, at old Mrs. Larkin’s school, when I was technically a mixed infant, I had shown signs of possessing these uncanny powers. In fact Mrs. Larkin might have called me Clare, so both voyant and audient was I. For a long time I sat and mused, looking into vacancy across the table. Gradually a realisation came to me that I would revisualise more connectedly on an assuaged stomach. I hoped for breakfast soon, nor was I to be disappointed. There was that silly girl of mine bursting into pang in the sausage, just like Pippa, as she always did.
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["breakfast", "toast", "marmalade", "crumbs", "smear"]
* "I had made certain havoc of two on toast, their silver skins laced with their golden blood." (pg. 27)
* "A confirmed botulist, I first arranged with Flora that there should be seven of the long stout shapes rosily bursting from the exquisite, taut but not too elastic brown at breakfast." (pg. 29)
* "Green blood, as I considered before breakfast, I delighted to conserve." (pg. 54)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I hoped for breakfast soon, nor was I to be disappointed." (pg. 56)
* "Henry, before our tea of anchovy toast and various hot dishes (I was never a stinter) riotously displayed himself all over me." (pg. 71)

#### [" table ", " sitting ", " seat ", " sit ", " sat "]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "How we had laughed that day in the hay field when John sat on the buttered rolls, and we devised games out of straws, and we thought the cricket a war-horse, barded and chaufroned too, real fairy, with wings all right." (pg. 14)
* "Yes, if sitting at the familiar table with Bart chewing at my moccasins, I could have broadcast it all, I would have left the mighty heart of England to deal with it." (pg. 15)
* "I looked across the table to the great brimming bowl of yellow jasmine ; young Alexander had sent him up the night before with an invitation to a private view of the Paulo Post Avorticists." (pg. 37)
* "It was terrible to sit there with only the table in front of me, and to know that murder had been committed." (pg. 37)
* "Video meliora proboque ; but I could not, for all my covert glances, see the modelling of the fossettes of the elbows of the woman sitting so near me." (pg. 38)
* "I assure you I had not seen her enter but suddenly I was electrically aware that she was sitting near me." (pg. 42)
* "We were sitting in the verandah in the dead, hot, close air, gasping and praying that the black-blue clouds would let down and bring the cool." (pg. 47)
* "And the wonderful hands at the opposite side of the table were at work with a caseful of strange pens." (pg. 50)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I sat on the grass, and counted a distinct ninety between each beat of my heart." (pg. 51)
* "I explained my object, and told him to sit down and make himself comfortable with the papers." (pg. 52)
* "For a long time I sat and mused, looking into vacancy across the table." (pg. 56)
* "Could it be thought morbid of me, I wondered, to sentimentalise a little as I sat and faced the old school colours frozen there before me?" (pg. 66)
* "Of course I was sorry to say good-bye to old Medehamstede ; but it was pleasant to sit down and to really find myself alone at last." (pg. 72)
* "I forgot why I was sitting and staring at the table." (pg. 82)
* "I looked across the table and saw that she was asleep." (pg. 85)
* "The ancient had then sat down among the heather to a great dish of brown and swimming collops." (pg. 89)
* "While my mind had been thus far away, a grotesque looking old gentleman had fluttered like a bat to the seat between us, and now deposited, with the bitter sang-froid of the unworldly, a dilapidated deer-stalker of pinkish tweed upon the glacial parquet." (pg. 90)
