| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator  | Victim  | Date | Location  |
|:--------------|:---------:|:---------:|:-------:|:----:|:---------:|
|               |           |    May    |         | May  |           |

# Passage
>Considering it was my name month, I wasn’t having too much luck. Henry, though a bit on the spectacular side---to fly the viscera of his third, of the old family lawyer, at his small flagstaff, a little argued the exhibitionist---was sane enough. And this stranger, to judge by the over-vague conversation he began to force on me---different in this from the agriculturist, who had been utterly silent save for the burning question, and the brats who had only uttered mutually---was distinctly nuts. Nuts in May, how Freudian. Be not a Freud ; thy help is near. But was it? Henry was in desperate case, and this other was short-sighted enough not to realise that I should care. The former was stooping over the cooling remains of his fourth---the rash intruding charlady---when there came a horribly official knock at the little blue door. (Was it Inspector Barraclough, or only some stolid-witted local?) But little the latter cared. He went on talking about Browning.
# Connected Pages
**Obsessed with Browning** - "He went on about Browning. I always used Bisto myself, and anyway Henry, the angel, was plying his intended fifth with Emperor’s Peg---equal parts of vitriol and applejack in his case---at the top of the ruined lighthouse." (pg. 5)

# Clues
**Narrator = May** - "Considering it was my name month...Nuts in May, how Freudian."

There appears to be a lot of people present (May, Henry, Crazy Stranger, and possibly the Agriculturist and the Brats):
* May: Narrator
* Henry : "Henry, though a bit on the spectacular side---to fly the viscera of his third, of the old family lawyer, at his small flagstaff, a little argued the exhibitionist---was sane enough."
* Crazy Stranger talking about browning: "And this stranger, to judge by the over-vague conversation he began to force on me---different in this from the agriculturist, who had been utterly silent save for the burning question, and the brats who had only uttered mutually---was distinctly nuts."
* Agriculturist
* Brats (plural?) 

Brownining
* Crazy stranger is narrator from pg. 23/87 who is believed to be hosting May (the current Narrator) and makes 3 references to Elizabeth Browning between pages 23 and 87.



Acid used for harm / murder? 
* "Vitriol throwing, or, to use its postmodern name, corrosive substance crime, was not an uncommon occurrence per se, but accounted for a small number of actual reported assaults in each region of the United States during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. In a Massachusetts case from 1900, the judge stated that this was the first that he had encountered during forty years of service on the bench, but other legal professionals and politicians believed that female vitriol throwing was a modern scourge of troubling proportions."

# Cross-References
#### ["family"]
* "I meant, did one know the family?" (pg. 5)
* "Ear-drops, as my mother had called them, I never could abide ; probably because I belonged to the other side of the family." (pg. 10)
* "Yes, but supposing she came of the family of Jack’s visitor, with Thornhill, who promised the opera?" (pg. 40)
* "I had always been rather a stickler for purity in family life." (pg. 46)
* "Also he was doomed to destroy, for family reasons, and to keep on destroying." (pg. 49)
* "To be born, or at any rate bred, in a handbag, whether it had handles or not, seems to me to display a contempt for the ordinary decencies of family life that reminds one of the worst excesses of the French Revolution." (pg. 50)
* "Henry, though a bit on the spectacular side---to fly the viscera of his third, of the old family lawyer, at his small flagstaff, a little argued the exhibitionist---was sane enough." (pg. 58)
* "I had always been proud of my namesake, the Great Lexicographer, as we, not unnaturally, called him in the family." (pg. 61)
* "Also she wore her hair in a cluster of little sly curls, a thing which in our family emphatically was not done." (pg. 79)
