| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>What was it I held in my fingers? Looked at in one way it could just be a kea. I would give the bird a phoenix chance. I lit a match, and the consequences soothed me. Who was afraid of the big bad wolf? No one, it seemed. His silly bane had now definitely failed. I put, at petit déjeuner, the cast-iron old object on Gelsemium semper-virens. By the by, I had a visit on that day from a detective-sergeant about a poor fellow who had died strangely. My slight experience of detective-sergeants is that they have a manner ; but no plural. If you use a word of more than two syllables to them they think you are laughing at them. They are, to that extent, acute. Still it was awkward with Trinder about. It pleasured me, however, I must confess, to think that I was in a position, though the opportunity was unlikely, to entertain divine Xenocrate with an account of it all. 
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
["letter", "postman", "deliver", "write", " pen ", "account"]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "The few remaining figures and letters swam as they came up to me." (pg. 2)
* "But he was not ; the writer had strangely died to-day." (pg. 2)
* "But it was parading a couple of letters for all to see." (pg. 5)
* "And my namesake wrote a letter, in which he said that Sarah’s left eye was injured, and there appeared a black spot on her breast." (pg. 15)
* "He started reading a letter from a woman, dead the same day." (pg. 33)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I lit a Nestor and considered her letter once more." (pg. 54)
* "It pleasured me, however, I must confess, to think that I was in a position, though the opportunity was unlikely, to entertain divine Xenocrate with an account of it all." (pg. 59)
* "I have always hated that these writers should be anonymous." (pg. 63)
* "He must first torture his postman, the bait, and make him carry the letters of Bellerophon." (pg. 64)
* "She has let me see the original of the dead man’s letter." (pg. 87)
* "Afterwards I found it better in practice to capitalise my third letter." (pg. 91)