| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>I cannot help, even with this supreme distraction, thinking of my Babbie’s---dare I say my Babbie’s---hair as I last saw it, tiger-coloured, and all like the little springs of a fairy’s sofa. O toison, moutonnant jusque sur l’encolure! O boucles! O parfum charge de nonchaloir! Extase! If you take my meaning. She, at least, shows herself delightfully interested in Henry. I have always hated that these writers should be anonymous. What a tribe of them there has been, to be sure! But I have called them all by their names. Is it a foolish ecstasy to thrill when I see her long warm fingers taking off Henry’s cap and putting it on again, and trying him out on the table? My dear guest accepts a Rainbow. I clamour for it, and it comes. She explains, and her throat dimples, that she will take it because Lent is over. She never, she adds, will have a second Sundae in Lent. I must be besotted, for I think this amusing. 
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["Lover's Delight", "Lover", "Sundae"]
* "She accepts Lover’s Delight from me." (pg. 43)
* "I ordered Charles to spare no expense in confecting that Sundae known as Lover’s Delight for my companion." (pg. 60)
* "She never, she adds, will have a second Sundae in Lent." (pg. 63)


#### ["letter", "postman", "deliver", "write", " pen ", "account"]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "The few remaining figures and letters swam as they came up to me." (pg. 2)
* "But he was not ; the writer had strangely died to-day." (pg. 2)
* "But it was parading a couple of letters for all to see." (pg. 5)
* "And my namesake wrote a letter, in which he said that Sarah’s left eye was injured, and there appeared a black spot on her breast." (pg. 15)
* "He started reading a letter from a woman, dead the same day." (pg. 33)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I lit a Nestor and considered her letter once more." (pg. 54)
* "It pleasured me, however, I must confess, to think that I was in a position, though the opportunity was unlikely, to entertain divine Xenocrate with an account of it all." (pg. 59)
* "I have always hated that these writers should be anonymous." (pg. 63)
* "He must first torture his postman, the bait, and make him carry the letters of Bellerophon." (pg. 64)
* "She has let me see the original of the dead man’s letter." (pg. 87)
* "Afterwards I found it better in practice to capitalise my third letter." (pg. 91)