| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>Needless to say I didn’t know that that was the last day. Afterwards I found it terrible to look back, and realise that I hadn’t made the most of it, or rather of all the little things that went to compose it, and the thousands that had gone before. I heard him read two things about a man and say that he had put in his appearance to-day. The quaint, old, cruel coxcomb, one was, in his gullet should have a hook. And the other called him a demure hypocrite or a blockhead. He must first torture his postman, the bait, and make him carry the letters of Bellerophon. But that was too big for me. My people had always owned allegiance to the McLeod of that ilk, among others. But until he told me about it to-day, I never knew that the Great Lexicographer had tasted Lotus with him. There was that in me which needed the exercise of fealty. To give all---as I had given all to him---was very bone of my bone. 
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References

#### ["letter", "postman", "deliver", "write", " pen ", "account"]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "The few remaining figures and letters swam as they came up to me." (pg. 2)
* "But he was not ; the writer had strangely died to-day." (pg. 2)
* "But it was parading a couple of letters for all to see." (pg. 5)
* "And my namesake wrote a letter, in which he said that Sarah’s left eye was injured, and there appeared a black spot on her breast." (pg. 15)
* "He started reading a letter from a woman, dead the same day." (pg. 33)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I lit a Nestor and considered her letter once more." (pg. 54)
* "It pleasured me, however, I must confess, to think that I was in a position, though the opportunity was unlikely, to entertain divine Xenocrate with an account of it all." (pg. 59)
* "I have always hated that these writers should be anonymous." (pg. 63)
* "He must first torture his postman, the bait, and make him carry the letters of Bellerophon." (pg. 64)
* "She has let me see the original of the dead man’s letter." (pg. 87)
* "Afterwards I found it better in practice to capitalise my third letter." (pg. 91)