| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>Out cascaded the darling young. It was no tragedy ; that was, no tragedy comparable with the fire here in the Latham Chapel in 1906. Yet, I supposed, to wantonly look back like that buttered no parsnips. Just like reverting to old tunes after they were damned and dead : how often had I not caught myself whistling Alexander’s Ragtime Wedding Feast in my frugal bath. I felt that Henry was about all I could hope to cope with, or with whom, if you like, I could hope to cope. I was the more fed up, therefore, with the incursion of an untidy fellow, a myopic-looking creature, who clumsily stepped on my foot and touched a chord of memory at the same time. Surely this has eavesdropped at my last crucial meeting with the old man. It mattered little enough, of course. But that sort of thing was like a mosquito about the ears, making Kreisler on his little fiddle. It distracted.
# Connected Pages
# Clues
Surely this has eavesdropped at my last crucial meeting with the old man.
* there is another reference somewhere about taping phone wires 
# Cross-References
#### ["old man"]
* "It has not had much work since it flew so nimbly for the dead old man." (pg. 1)
* "Ye’re a awfu’ old man." (pg. 43)
* "And I had also seen the doctor leading the old man up the garden, not once or twice, but many times." (pg. 45)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "Poor old man ; but everyone must bump up against his Waterloo, and to-day was the day of the meeting at La Belle Alliance." (pg. 54)
* "Surely this has eavesdropped at my last crucial meeting with the old man." (pg. 68)
* "I had seen a poor old man done slowly to death before my eyes." (pg. 69)
* "“There is no danger of that,” the old man said, “I bought them secretly in Leningrad from a little humpbacked fellow, a double-faced Quasimodo of the Ogpu.” This was difficult enough to reconcile with his Manchester speech on sane mediocrity." (pg. 74)
* "Here the old man dropped some metallic object and his companion retrieved it with daughterly swiftness." (pg. 83)