| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>I came out of my waking dream with temples moist and tongue most damnably dry. I had to believe myself, for I had never previously deceived myself. Yes, I cam to myself, if you must know, when yon same star, that’s westward from the pole, had made his course to illume that part of heaven where now it burns. A time, I thought, not only utterly depressing in itself, but also, when one is alone, as Dutch as dillwater. What, I asked myself, ought I to do? The answer was plain enough. When I was ten I had messily collected eggs. When I was twelve I had collected bus tickets and, if I had known where to look for them, would doubtless have collected whole ickets also. The answer was plain enough. I must---oh, final and most difficult hobby!---collect myself. It was ghastly. I had seen every minute of it. I had seen a poor old man done slowly to death before my eyes. 
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["old man"]
* "It has not had much work since it flew so nimbly for the dead old man." (pg. 1)
* "Ye’re a awfu’ old man." (pg. 43)
* "And I had also seen the doctor leading the old man up the garden, not once or twice, but many times." (pg. 45)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "Poor old man ; but everyone must bump up against his Waterloo, and to-day was the day of the meeting at La Belle Alliance." (pg. 54)
* "Surely this has eavesdropped at my last crucial meeting with the old man." (pg. 68)
* "I had seen a poor old man done slowly to death before my eyes." (pg. 69)
* "“There is no danger of that,” the old man said, “I bought them secretly in Leningrad from a little humpbacked fellow, a double-faced Quasimodo of the Ogpu.” This was difficult enough to reconcile with his Manchester speech on sane mediocrity." (pg. 74)
* "Here the old man dropped some metallic object and his companion retrieved it with daughterly swiftness." (pg. 83)