| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>But next day that religious fellow’s head drapery, if I might thus unscientifically express myself, showed signs, it seemed to me, after that initial success, of failing. I would give it till midnight. Do not misunderstand me. Why should I not play the Spartan mother with emotion, be the Lucius Junius Brutus of my kind? I thought of May. Over them came old odour of red May. Lovely, indeed, but not appropriate. I felt that I was letting May down. As for the other, I had, of course, no intention of letting up. Henry, before our tea of anchovy toast and various hot dishes (I was never a stinter) riotously displayed himself all over me. He hit me once full in the eye, and I remembered, I could not help remembering, Elsie’s difficulty when the young coastguard had tried to prove to her his direct descent from Herebald the Drake. “I will,” she quoted, “express my duty in his eye.”
# Connected Pages
# Clues
Beowulf Reference
* "He hit me once full in the eye, and I remembered, I could not help remembering, Elsie’s difficulty when the young coastguard had tried to prove to her his direct descent from Herebald the Drake."
* Beowulf is an Old English heroic epic poem. Its creation dates to between the 8th[1] and the 11th centuries, the only surviving manuscript dating to circa 1010.[2] At 3183 lines, it is notable for its length. It has reached national epic status in England (although its setting is Scandinavia, not the British Isles).
* author anonomous

# Cross-References
#### ["breakfast", "toast", "marmalade", "crumbs", "smear"]
* "I had made certain havoc of two on toast, their silver skins laced with their golden blood." (pg. 27)
* "A confirmed botulist, I first arranged with Flora that there should be seven of the long stout shapes rosily bursting from the exquisite, taut but not too elastic brown at breakfast." (pg. 29)
* "Green blood, as I considered before breakfast, I delighted to conserve." (pg. 54)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I hoped for breakfast soon, nor was I to be disappointed." (pg. 56)
* "Henry, before our tea of anchovy toast and various hot dishes (I was never a stinter) riotously displayed himself all over me." (pg. 71)