| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>Of course I was sorry to say good-bye to old Medehamstede ; but it was pleasant to sit down and to really find myself alone at last. Those emotional times were trying to us all. I felt that my lips were paler than I liked ; but a touch of Pasquier’s claret soon put me right. Dear old Pasquier, I had come across him in Paris, at that little place in the Rue de la Harpe, a street in which, I have been told, there was a touch of orderly room even in the disorderly houses. I opened a magazine and looked hastily through the last paragraphs of the short stories. I was all for love ; but fading out on an embrace never appealed to me. The embrace in my short stories---and my life was all short stories, I had come to think---occurred in the first few words. And afterwards the plot. The complete novel length looked better. It was called Savage Conqueror, and I liked that. 
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["Paris", "France", "French"]
* "I remembered how I had listened for the same sound on that awful night in Paris, when I did not know what I know now." (pg. 31)
* "It was when that half Pole, half Frenchman, and usually up the first half, that self-styled drunken mongrel and lazy waster, got normally out of bed." (pg. 45)
* "To be born, or at any rate bred, in a handbag, whether it had handles or not, seems to me to display a contempt for the ordinary decencies of family life that reminds one of the worst excesses of the French Revolution." (pg. 50)
* "Dear old Pasquier, I had come across him in Paris, at that little place in the Rue de la Harpe, a street in which, I have been told, there was a touch of orderly room even in the disorderly houses." (pg. 72)
* "She was all for Dark French Grey and he for Egg Shell Green." (pg. 88)
* "What a day, I thought, for the despatch of Paris and Leonidas." (pg. 97)
* "But Paris?" (pg. 97)

#### [" table ", " sitting ", " seat ", " sit ", " sat "]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "How we had laughed that day in the hay field when John sat on the buttered rolls, and we devised games out of straws, and we thought the cricket a war-horse, barded and chaufroned too, real fairy, with wings all right." (pg. 14)
* "Yes, if sitting at the familiar table with Bart chewing at my moccasins, I could have broadcast it all, I would have left the mighty heart of England to deal with it." (pg. 15)
* "I looked across the table to the great brimming bowl of yellow jasmine ; young Alexander had sent him up the night before with an invitation to a private view of the Paulo Post Avorticists." (pg. 37)
* "It was terrible to sit there with only the table in front of me, and to know that murder had been committed." (pg. 37)
* "Video meliora proboque ; but I could not, for all my covert glances, see the modelling of the fossettes of the elbows of the woman sitting so near me." (pg. 38)
* "I assure you I had not seen her enter but suddenly I was electrically aware that she was sitting near me." (pg. 42)
* "We were sitting in the verandah in the dead, hot, close air, gasping and praying that the black-blue clouds would let down and bring the cool." (pg. 47)
* "And the wonderful hands at the opposite side of the table were at work with a caseful of strange pens." (pg. 50)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I sat on the grass, and counted a distinct ninety between each beat of my heart." (pg. 51)
* "I explained my object, and told him to sit down and make himself comfortable with the papers." (pg. 52)
* "For a long time I sat and mused, looking into vacancy across the table." (pg. 56)
* "Could it be thought morbid of me, I wondered, to sentimentalise a little as I sat and faced the old school colours frozen there before me?" (pg. 66)
* "Of course I was sorry to say good-bye to old Medehamstede ; but it was pleasant to sit down and to really find myself alone at last." (pg. 72)
* "I forgot why I was sitting and staring at the table." (pg. 82)
* "I looked across the table and saw that she was asleep." (pg. 85)
* "The ancient had then sat down among the heather to a great dish of brown and swimming collops." (pg. 89)
* "While my mind had been thus far away, a grotesque looking old gentleman had fluttered like a bat to the seat between us, and now deposited, with the bitter sang-froid of the unworldly, a dilapidated deer-stalker of pinkish tweed upon the glacial parquet." (pg. 90)
