| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>photographs of young and laughing athletes, lads who had profited and gone on, and ringing with those words of the Head, as we called him, that one by one the touch of life has turned to truth. But again I was distracted. “Will anyone know about them?” that husky miracle of a voice was asking, and I thought, not for the first time, that it would have caresses for all, a golden impartiality. To love her would be a liberal, no, a communist education. The red rose and the white only remained, and these were melting and blurring before my eyes ; my wretched eyes that could not tell me the truth, for instance, about that Goya reproduction. A hanging man? A countess? “There is no danger of that,” the old man said, “I bought them secretly in Leningrad from a little humpbacked fellow, a double-faced Quasimodo of the Ogpu.” This was difficult enough to reconcile with his Manchester speech on sane mediocrity. “From the secret police?” The words rang like tense half-crowns dropped upon marble. “Goodness gracious!” “But it so seldom is,” came the wise old reply.
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["old man"]
* "It has not had much work since it flew so nimbly for the dead old man." (pg. 1)
* "Ye’re a awfu’ old man." (pg. 43)
* "And I had also seen the doctor leading the old man up the garden, not once or twice, but many times." (pg. 45)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "Poor old man ; but everyone must bump up against his Waterloo, and to-day was the day of the meeting at La Belle Alliance." (pg. 54)
* "Surely this has eavesdropped at my last crucial meeting with the old man." (pg. 68)
* "I had seen a poor old man done slowly to death before my eyes." (pg. 69)
* "“There is no danger of that,” the old man said, “I bought them secretly in Leningrad from a little humpbacked fellow, a double-faced Quasimodo of the Ogpu.” This was difficult enough to reconcile with his Manchester speech on sane mediocrity." (pg. 74)
* "Here the old man dropped some metallic object and his companion retrieved it with daughterly swiftness." (pg. 83)