| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>It was that day my friend Sandy told me he was sure he wouldn’t sleep all night. There was, of course, a difference between us. I couldn’t get all worked up like that. You see, next day he would be allowed to fetch back Lagopus Scoticus, whom I knew well, and he hadn’t been allowed to do that for such a long time. I was fond of Sandy and rejoiced with him. But I felt, I couldn’t help feeling, that there was something wrong, something disjoined about my very front. I made love to Flora again in the back parts ; the result was satisfactory enough. I was feeling quite at my best, but I took Bob Martin in completely. After all he liked me to, and he was always right. But I had come to the conclusion that I loathed her ; she kept colouring up. I understood why he had once said to me about something being as flush as May. Also she wore her hair in a cluster of little sly curls, a thing which in our family emphatically was not done.
# Connected Pages
**Flush as May** - "He, the reckless old cock, slips down past Woolworth’s and she continues full-sail toward the Kursal, as flush---oh, you wicked woman---as May." (pg. 100)

# Clues
**Narrator is Dog**
* "You see, next day he would be allowed to fetch back Lagopus Scoticus, whom I knew well" - The red grouse (Lagopus lagopus scotica) is a medium-sized bird of the grouse family which is found in heather moorland in Great Britain and Ireland.
* "I took Bob Martin in completely" - Bob Martin was a conditioning powder for dogs ([link to advertisement](https://www.alamy.com/1930s-old-vintage-original-advert-advertising-bob-martins-conditioning-powders-for-dogs-in-english-magazine-circa-1932-image218639048.html))
* Narrator is potentially dog henry or dog bart

Sandy is Dog

# Cross-References
#### ["family"]
* "I meant, did one know the family?" (pg. 5)
* "Ear-drops, as my mother had called them, I never could abide ; probably because I belonged to the other side of the family." (pg. 10)
* "Yes, but supposing she came of the family of Jack’s visitor, with Thornhill, who promised the opera?" (pg. 40)
* "I had always been rather a stickler for purity in family life." (pg. 46)
* "Also he was doomed to destroy, for family reasons, and to keep on destroying." (pg. 49)
* "To be born, or at any rate bred, in a handbag, whether it had handles or not, seems to me to display a contempt for the ordinary decencies of family life that reminds one of the worst excesses of the French Revolution." (pg. 50)
* "Henry, though a bit on the spectacular side---to fly the viscera of his third, of the old family lawyer, at his small flagstaff, a little argued the exhibitionist---was sane enough." (pg. 58)
* "I had always been proud of my namesake, the Great Lexicographer, as we, not unnaturally, called him in the family." (pg. 61)
* "Also she wore her hair in a cluster of little sly curls, a thing which in our family emphatically was not done." (pg. 79)
