| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>I forgot why I was sitting and staring at the table. I felt battered. What could the batter be? Ah, I remembered. I had looked upon carnal, bloody and unnatural acts. And then, gazing at the steaming Lapsang before me, I became lost in reverie. Bartholomew pawed my ankles even, but I am not superstitious, to ladder danger, desiring sweet biscuits. They were so bad for him. He was the third dog I had had in London. I was afraid, I realised, that I did not notice him enough. It was the first dog I noticed, and at the very beginning. You might have thought it strange for me to say these things, but you never knew Henry. Whether as a human mistake or one o’ the brand o’ Cain, as the Poet Laureate says---and he served in both capacities---he knew his job. I felt as if great asses of mice were pressing down on my head, with all the cold weight of my certainty. 
# Connected Pages
**Sitting with Bart** - "Yes, if sitting at the familiar table with Bart chewing at my moccasins, I could have broadcast it all, I would have left the mighty heart of England to deal with it." (pg. 15)

# Clues
**Bartholomew/Bart & Henry are Dogs**
* "Bartholomew pawed my ankles even, but I am not superstitious, to ladder danger, desiring sweet biscuits. They were so bad for him. He was the third dog I had had in London. I was afraid, I realised, that I did not notice him enough. It was the first dog I noticed, and at the very beginning. You might have thought it strange for me to say these things, but you never knew Henry."

Alexander / Ecky Narrator: alexander is narrator of page 15 and mentions sitting with bart at table, page 15 also gives date (July 31)

# Cross-References
table - 
sitting -


#### [dog]
* "I became convinced that I must be a sad dog ; I tried to remember all the times when one of the other sex had preoccupied me, and we had been oblivious of all else." (pg. 48)
* "He was the third dog I had had in London." (pg. 82)
* "It was the first dog I noticed, and at the very beginning." (pg. 82)
* "A dog barked and mourned from the next room, but I could have all the stuff I wanted for ever." (pg. 85)
* "A dog was patently sorrowing in the distance." (pg. 90)

#### [" table ", " sitting ", " seat ", " sit ", " sat "]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "How we had laughed that day in the hay field when John sat on the buttered rolls, and we devised games out of straws, and we thought the cricket a war-horse, barded and chaufroned too, real fairy, with wings all right." (pg. 14)
* "Yes, if sitting at the familiar table with Bart chewing at my moccasins, I could have broadcast it all, I would have left the mighty heart of England to deal with it." (pg. 15)
* "I looked across the table to the great brimming bowl of yellow jasmine ; young Alexander had sent him up the night before with an invitation to a private view of the Paulo Post Avorticists." (pg. 37)
* "It was terrible to sit there with only the table in front of me, and to know that murder had been committed." (pg. 37)
* "Video meliora proboque ; but I could not, for all my covert glances, see the modelling of the fossettes of the elbows of the woman sitting so near me." (pg. 38)
* "I assure you I had not seen her enter but suddenly I was electrically aware that she was sitting near me." (pg. 42)
* "We were sitting in the verandah in the dead, hot, close air, gasping and praying that the black-blue clouds would let down and bring the cool." (pg. 47)
* "And the wonderful hands at the opposite side of the table were at work with a caseful of strange pens." (pg. 50)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I sat on the grass, and counted a distinct ninety between each beat of my heart." (pg. 51)
* "I explained my object, and told him to sit down and make himself comfortable with the papers." (pg. 52)
* "For a long time I sat and mused, looking into vacancy across the table." (pg. 56)
* "Could it be thought morbid of me, I wondered, to sentimentalise a little as I sat and faced the old school colours frozen there before me?" (pg. 66)
* "Of course I was sorry to say good-bye to old Medehamstede ; but it was pleasant to sit down and to really find myself alone at last." (pg. 72)
* "I forgot why I was sitting and staring at the table." (pg. 82)
* "I looked across the table and saw that she was asleep." (pg. 85)
* "The ancient had then sat down among the heather to a great dish of brown and swimming collops." (pg. 89)
* "While my mind had been thus far away, a grotesque looking old gentleman had fluttered like a bat to the seat between us, and now deposited, with the bitter sang-froid of the unworldly, a dilapidated deer-stalker of pinkish tweed upon the glacial parquet." (pg. 90)
