| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>A flower-seller, fed ruddily, it seemed, on hope, broke in and would have made a round of all of us. But she hurried away perforce without gaining her point, leaving me with an inexpensive memory of countryside flowers. Our own and other countries : ironic daffodils, irises of the stream, young pert bluebells, the foreign hedge-rose and carnation. No gaudy melon flower, indeed. Oh, to be in England ; how unquotable he had become. For I was, was I not? I must learn Spanish one of these days, only for that slow sweet name’s sake. I paused to pass my tongue over the dew distilled by the red rose, the sole survivor, and made a sign which brought Henry cat-like to me over the floor. Here the old man dropped some metallic object and his companion retrieved it with daughterly swiftness. The hoarse newsboys with their shouting of the late night final, as of accomplished mal de mer, disturbed me a little. Would there be any news? She enquired faintly what he meant by that stuff about good news from Ghent.
# Connected Pages
# Clues
Here the old man dropped some metallic object and his companion retrieved it with daughterly swiftness.
* companion is dog?


# Cross-References
#### ["old man"]
* "It has not had much work since it flew so nimbly for the dead old man." (pg. 1)
* "Ye’re a awfu’ old man." (pg. 43)
* "And I had also seen the doctor leading the old man up the garden, not once or twice, but many times." (pg. 45)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "Poor old man ; but everyone must bump up against his Waterloo, and to-day was the day of the meeting at La Belle Alliance." (pg. 54)
* "Surely this has eavesdropped at my last crucial meeting with the old man." (pg. 68)
* "I had seen a poor old man done slowly to death before my eyes." (pg. 69)
* "“There is no danger of that,” the old man said, “I bought them secretly in Leningrad from a little humpbacked fellow, a double-faced Quasimodo of the Ogpu.” This was difficult enough to reconcile with his Manchester speech on sane mediocrity." (pg. 74)
* "Here the old man dropped some metallic object and his companion retrieved it with daughterly swiftness." (pg. 83)