| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:-------------:|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|      23       |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>        Of the old bold mate of Henry Morgan. 

My guest has, I think, a Byzantine beauty, as of a golden snake. Is she, or is she not, a little pale about the Gills? Sanders comes into view again, seemingly improved by his lunar visit. He props himself and gazes out to the northwest over the water of the little bay, drinking it all in. I follow his gaze and see, as Henry saw when he was at home in Woodstock, twisted trees in front of the thick-windowed little house, and a foreground of exquisitely coloured vegetation with somewhat the consistency of fur stoles : a breast of the hills under a long cloud. I have given her nothing at all. She has let me see the original of the dead man’s letter. It is funny, it is rather fearful, to feel a wet skeleton hand putting hers into mine. Why, I wonder? Not that it can really be skeleton yet ; it must be---worse : a loathsome mass of detestable putrescence. 
# Connected Pages
Narrator is likely the character obsessed with Browning described on page

# Clues

poem/lyric is from John Edward Masefield's Captain Stratton's Fancy: http://www.bachlund.org/Captain_Strattons_Fancy.htm

"a loathsome mass of detestable putrescence" reference to The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar by Edgar Allan Poe, characters in this story include Elizabeth Browning

Sanders = Alexander?
# Cross-References
[Dawn, Moon, Lunar]
* "I am conveniently situated, with the Moon on the one hand and the Dawn on the other." (pg. 17)
* "He’s visiting the Moon for the first time to-day and just the first." (pg. 17)
* "Now Ecky passes over to the Dawn." (pg. 43)
* "Anyway Ecky has disappeared in the Dawn." (pg. 43)
* "Sanders comes into view again, seemingly improved by his lunar visit." (pg. 87)

#### ["letter", "postman", "deliver", "write", " pen ", "account"]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "The few remaining figures and letters swam as they came up to me." (pg. 2)
* "But he was not ; the writer had strangely died to-day." (pg. 2)
* "But it was parading a couple of letters for all to see." (pg. 5)
* "And my namesake wrote a letter, in which he said that Sarah’s left eye was injured, and there appeared a black spot on her breast." (pg. 15)
* "He started reading a letter from a woman, dead the same day." (pg. 33)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I lit a Nestor and considered her letter once more." (pg. 54)
* "It pleasured me, however, I must confess, to think that I was in a position, though the opportunity was unlikely, to entertain divine Xenocrate with an account of it all." (pg. 59)
* "I have always hated that these writers should be anonymous." (pg. 63)
* "He must first torture his postman, the bait, and make him carry the letters of Bellerophon." (pg. 64)
* "She has let me see the original of the dead man’s letter." (pg. 87)
* "Afterwards I found it better in practice to capitalise my third letter." (pg. 91)