| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>I always liked to listen to him. It was St. Wigbert’s day, I was told, and Augustus, I remembered, was a chubby lad. I was getting quite clever in that way. He said his stepson had been misunderstood for a long time, and had gone out to-day. He said his third son had been crude. I did not entirely understand ; but I had a lot of good Tate. She said to him. He said to her. The consequence was rather dreadful, but out of doors. I had got a little sick, too, of the way they went on ; like that Tom and Flora’s Jasmine. Perhaps that was really it. They were having their first quarrel, about the new distemper. She was all for Dark French Grey and he for Egg Shell Green. Yet I knew they’d get over that. I had. But each, too, began to say things about how few the other had done so late in the year. I don’t know why, but I felt that mice were dancing on my little slab.
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["Paris", "France", "French"]
* "I remembered how I had listened for the same sound on that awful night in Paris, when I did not know what I know now." (pg. 31)
* "It was when that half Pole, half Frenchman, and usually up the first half, that self-styled drunken mongrel and lazy waster, got normally out of bed." (pg. 45)
* "To be born, or at any rate bred, in a handbag, whether it had handles or not, seems to me to display a contempt for the ordinary decencies of family life that reminds one of the worst excesses of the French Revolution." (pg. 50)
* "Dear old Pasquier, I had come across him in Paris, at that little place in the Rue de la Harpe, a street in which, I have been told, there was a touch of orderly room even in the disorderly houses." (pg. 72)
* "She was all for Dark French Grey and he for Egg Shell Green." (pg. 88)
* "What a day, I thought, for the despatch of Paris and Leonidas." (pg. 97)
* "But Paris?" (pg. 97)