| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>In my youth I had been worried that I bore the same name as Newbolt’s admiral and Shakespeare’s sergeant, and it had irked me when, in my student days, I had been known as the Smiler with the Knife. Afterwards I found it better in practice to capitalise my third letter. The Blue Rocket was still going down next day ; in fact, I knew too much to let it go up. It even seemed to be succeeding. The snowy-banded, dilettante, delicate-handed? At least I was the last. I would not say at last I was the least. I tried to interest him in my little Black Museum, and indeed elicited a frisson with the preserved eyeball of the well-known and respected Cadaver Charlie. The eye in which, just before its fellow was shot out by the Chicago sleuth, he had asked that suave detective if he, the detective, could see any green. It looked, though, as if Henry had been playing about with this exhibit. I would have to take steps.

# Connected Pages

# Clues

# Cross-References
#### ["letter", "postman", "deliver", "write", " pen ", "account"]
* I sit down alone at the appointed table and take up my pen to give all whom it may concern an exact account of what may happen." (pg. 1)
* "The few remaining figures and letters swam as they came up to me." (pg. 2)
* "But he was not ; the writer had strangely died to-day." (pg. 2)
* "But it was parading a couple of letters for all to see." (pg. 5)
* "And my namesake wrote a letter, in which he said that Sarah’s left eye was injured, and there appeared a black spot on her breast." (pg. 15)
* "He started reading a letter from a woman, dead the same day." (pg. 33)
* "I sat quite still ; neither in life nor letters will I consent to jump about." (pg. 50)
* "I received a letter from Miss Doncaster over the crumbs of toast and the last clear smear of marmalade, telling me that the old man would be coming to-day, on her advice to take mine." (pg. 54)
* "I lit a Nestor and considered her letter once more." (pg. 54)
* "It pleasured me, however, I must confess, to think that I was in a position, though the opportunity was unlikely, to entertain divine Xenocrate with an account of it all." (pg. 59)
* "I have always hated that these writers should be anonymous." (pg. 63)
* "He must first torture his postman, the bait, and make him carry the letters of Bellerophon." (pg. 64)
* "She has let me see the original of the dead man’s letter." (pg. 87)
* "Afterwards I found it better in practice to capitalise my third letter." (pg. 91)