| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |    42     |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>My earlier days had been so different. There hadn’t been the comfort, the sense of indulgence, or of adventure, that there was now. I bit into the last of the oysters and someone carried away the shells. It had been, as I say, so different. Cascading down the bombazine of my great aunt’s knee, what futility! When all her desire had been to give me a lap. What frustration of her, and incidentally of myself, when to be nursed by her and to submit to her stories had meant access to that secret caddis-hoard of Devona or of minty humbugs. I wondered what Henry would think of next. I had plenty of time, my watch said. My eyes had groped foolishly at the barren moon of the near-by clock, and then fallen away. My watch must be my mentor. I felt perhaps sillily ready for some sort of cardiac revelation, or revaluation at least.

        Yet now my heart leaps, O beloved!
                God’s child with his dew
        On they gracious gold hair, and those lilies still
                living and blue
# Connected Pages
poem ends on page 42 - Saul by Robert Browning
* Robert Browning's "Saul" is a poem that speaks to religious extremes in the way of "Bishop Brougham's Apology" and "The Bishop Orders his Tomb at St. Praxed's", (especially the former) in which something goes terribly wrong within the relationship between humility and vanity.

# Clues
# Cross-References
