| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:-------------:|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|      41       |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
        And pipes for closets all over, and cutting the frames
                too light,
        But M’Cullough he died in the sixties, and---well,
                I’m dying to-night. . . . 

>Had not the author of Wails of a Tayside Inn said of them that they were the living poems and that all the rest were dead? Had not the winger of Wimpole Street said that they were binding up their hearts away from breaking with a cerement of the grave? Anyway their hour had come and was now over ; just but emphatically over, and I could not be sorry. I knew, after arguing it out from one side of my aching head to another---those little Bunny and Perry, Pro and Con, had been at it hammer and tongs on the centre court between the two lobes of my brain---that if I had no tangible proof against the erstwhile cleanser of my old headgear, I had merely a thistledown of semi-conviction against the other. That his thought process, when I tapped its wire, had been calling her a Cambridge week, helped me, surely, not at all. 
# Connected Pages
Poem (started 41) The Mary Gloster by Rudyard Kipling 
* The old shipping tycoon, Sir Anthony Gloster, is dying after a life of great success. Mary was his wife who helped him start the business and who died young. The Mary Gloster is a ship named for her. As he dies, Sir Anthony talks to his ne'er-do-well son about his life.

# Clues

Elizabeth Browning, "The Cry of the Children": 
* "winger of Wimpole Street" => Wimpole Street Singer => Elizabeth Barrett Browning
* from Browning's _The Cry of the Children_: "Death in life, as best to have ! They are binding up their hearts away from breaking, With a cerement from the grave. Laugh aloud, to feel your fingers let them through !"

Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, "Children" reference:
* Tales of a Wayside Inn is a collection of poems by American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
* From Longfellow's _Children_: "Ye are better than all the ballads That ever were sung or said; For ye are living poems, And all the rest are dead."

"Bunny and Perry" - Bunny Austin and Fred Perry were famous tennis players on the British team that won the Davis Cup in three consecutive years (1933–35). 

"had been at it Hammer and Tongs" - Hammer and Tongs is an expression meaning with great force, vigor, or violence

"erstwhile cleanser of my old headgear" - former cleaner of my hat

"A Cambridge Week" - May Week is the name used in the University of Cambridge to refer to a period at the end of the academic year. Originally May Week took place in the week during May before year-end exams began.

"when I tapped its wire" - As a rule, though, wire-tappers are pretty grave fellows. They spend a lot of their own time and money fussing with new listening appliances or trying to improve old ones. Most of them rig up experimental stations in their homes. They shop busily in Canal Street stores which deal in second-hand electrical equipment, buying apparatus discarded by the telephone and telegraph companies. Out of these experiments, in 1930, came the dial-detector, an indispensable instrument for tapping wires in a city where few numbers are now called orally. Once it was easy for cops to ascertain the whereabouts of both parties in an outgoing telephone conversation: they knew where the tapped wire led and they could hear the number called by the suspect.

"merely a thistledown of semi-conviction" => only a shred of evidence
# Cross-References
