| Previous Page | Next Page | Narrator | Victim | Date | Location |
|:--------------|:---------:|---------:|-------:|-----:|---------:|
|               |           |          |        |      |          |

# Passage
>To have slept and to wake right up surrounded by an atmosphere in which Bunny and Perry went at it hammer and tongs, seemed almost sacrilege. That was the day when I was going to do a thing I had never done before. I looked at Henry, and felt a little sick. I took two pills. I had too soon---perhaps I did not want to go even so quickly as my ordered slowness---exchanged a tennis venue for a rowing one. I was not in Dorset ; but I murmured to myself that Ellen Brine of Allenburn would never mwore return. The connection was obvious. What a day, I thought, for the despatch of Paris and Leonidas. Cambridge or Thermopylae? But Paris? I had never at school looked upon him as in any sort a healer. I had, infact, never heard of John Ayrton then. Oeuvre ton ame et ton oreille au son de ma mandoline : pour toi j’ai fait, pour toi, cette chanson cruelle et caline. But I wasn’t thinking of John Ayrton.
# Connected Pages
# Clues
# Cross-References
#### ["Paris", "France", "French"]
* "I remembered how I had listened for the same sound on that awful night in Paris, when I did not know what I know now." (pg. 31)
* "It was when that half Pole, half Frenchman, and usually up the first half, that self-styled drunken mongrel and lazy waster, got normally out of bed." (pg. 45)
* "To be born, or at any rate bred, in a handbag, whether it had handles or not, seems to me to display a contempt for the ordinary decencies of family life that reminds one of the worst excesses of the French Revolution." (pg. 50)
* "Dear old Pasquier, I had come across him in Paris, at that little place in the Rue de la Harpe, a street in which, I have been told, there was a touch of orderly room even in the disorderly houses." (pg. 72)
* "She was all for Dark French Grey and he for Egg Shell Green." (pg. 88)
* "What a day, I thought, for the despatch of Paris and Leonidas." (pg. 97)
* "But Paris?" (pg. 97)